[Music]
throughout the years working title films
and writer Richard Curtis have captured
the euphoria hysteria and humiliation of
love with the films for weddings in a
funeral Notting Hill and Bridget Jones's
Diary this holiday season join this
unforgettable filmmaking team welcome
Prime Minister this is Natalie hello
David I mean sir 20 years ago you'd have
been just his time as they explored that
time of year
[Applause]
when desires are revealed and love I
should put you know um okay secrets are
exposed your secretary is very pretty
mister be careful then and chances are
finally taken
all I want for Christmas is you
Universal Pictures invite you what's the
best sex you've ever had Britney Spears
no honey kidding she was rubbish to take
everything you know about love you have
this kind of problem course you did you
sourcing links and multiply it by eight
[Music]
would you excuse me for one second okay
that's done
Hugh Grant Liam Neeson Colin Firth Laura
Linney Emma Thompson Alan Rickman Rowan
Atkinson Keira Knightley christmas is a
time to be with the people who love
[Music]
yeah I need a car this holiday season
all you need
hello is Love Actually are you see cows
suppose I could hood King Wenceslas
looked out on the feast of Stephen when
the snow lay round about D and Chris and
even